# AI Security Drones For Larger Homes Artificial Intelligence Research Paper
Large Home Security Drones is an artificial intelligence based research project proposed for bigger home’s security purposes. This project is an interconnection between Python AI programming and two external WiFi connected hardware such as Tello AI drone and motion detection sensor. For every unusual motion detection, de- tected by a motion detector sensor in any part of the home, the AI drone will be notified with the signal to take the flight to that area, record the scenario and return back to its base station. Such recordings can be sent to users via various options. Flight navigation and actions performed by the drone are based on artificial intelligence programming via machine learning algorithms. The video camera on the Tello drone is the main feature of this research project. Till now many approaches were made for optimum utilization of drones in various fields such as video production, trans- portation, agricultural purposes and many more. But very few attempts were made in inculcating advanced features like AI in flying drones. Even GPS was used for navigation purposes to fly from source to desired destination. But now with the help of face detection algorithms via machine learning, drone technology is crossing their limitations. From the similar note, this research project focuses in- depth towards researching advanced drone capabilities in bigger home security purposes along with the discussions made on previous relevant research approaches.
